A  fair  sight  it  was. 	
A  lady  in  England  lost  her  life  by  taking  a  similar  mixture:  the  precipitated  strychnine  collected  at  the  bottom,  and  in  taking  the  last  dose  she  swallowed  nearly  all  of  it!' 	
A  plain,  dirty  looking  old  envelope  with  a  few  words  scrawled  across  it,  apparently  at  random. 	
A  really  perfect  bit  of  old  china...it's  pure  delight  to  handle  it,  or  even  to  look  at  it. 	
A  small  quantity  of  a  dark  fluid  remained  in  the  saucepan,  and  an  empty  cup  and  saucer  that  had  been  drunk  out  of  stood  near  it. 	
After  a  moment's  hesitation,  he  replaced  it  in  the  chest,  heaped  all  the  other  things  on  top  of  it  as  before,  and  made  his  way  briskly  downstairs. 	
Ah,  but  you  see  it  was  not  in  the  same  place  yesterday  as  it  was  today. 	
An  old  woman  came  and  opened  it. 	
and  5 o'clock,  something  has  occurred  to  occasion  a  complete  revolution  of  feeling,  since  she  is  now  as  anxious  to  destroy  the  will,  as  she  was  before  to  make  it. 	
And  have  you  not,  in  such  a  case,  tried  the  word  once  or  twice  on  the  edge  of  the  blotting-paper,  or  a  spare  scrap  of  paper,  to  see  if  it  looked  right? 	
And  I'm  sure  it  looked  wonderfully  natural  at  a  distance. 	
And  now  it  is  gone. 	
And  that  little  curious  fact,  that  possibly  paltry  little  detail  that  will  not  tally,  we  put  it  here! 	
And  that  was  just  what  confirmed  my  suspicion  that  it  was  not. 	
And  the  table,  is  it  on  this  side  of  the  door,  or  on  the  farther...servants'  side? 	
And  very  funny  it  is  sometimes,  sir. 	
And  well  I  know  it,  for  he  borrowed  two  skeins  of  my  black  wool  to  make  it  with! 	
And  when  did  you  take  it  into  Mr.s.  Inglethorp's  room? 	
And  yet  you  affirm  so  confidently  that  it  came  from  Styles. 	
And  you  will  return  there  after  it  is  over? 	
And  you...you,  my  friend,  have  given  it  to  me! 	
Annie  had  been  growing  redder  and  redder  in  the  face,  and  now  she  blurted  out  unexpectedly:  And  if  there  was  salt  in  it,  sir,  it  wasn't  me. 	
As  it  was,  she  realized  her  danger,  but  not  the  manner  of  it. 	
As  to  the  door  being  locked,  it  is  a  very  ordinary  lock. 	
Associate  it  more  with  a  man. 	
At  the  top,  it  bore  the  printed  stamp  of  Messrs. 	
Bauerstein  had  it  analysed...that's  just  it! 	
Because  he  did  not  dare  take  the  biggest  risk  of  all...that  of  keeping  it  on  his  own  person. 	
Because,  so  long  as  the  evidence  against  him  was  vague  and  intangible,  it  was  very  hard  to  disprove. 	
Besides,  a  father  confessor  should  be  elderly,  it  is  not  at  all  the  role  for  a  young  man. 	
Burnt  corks  they  use  mostly...though  'tis  messy  getting  it  off  again. 	
But  he  declared  that  he  saw  it  bolted!  I  cried. 	
But  I  did  not  take  it  to  her. 	
But  I  still  can't  understand  why  Inglethorp  was  such  a  fool  as  to  leave  it  there  when  he  had  plenty  of  opportunity  to  destroy  it. 	
But  I  suppose,  as  the  last  powder  was  taken  two  days  ago,  it  is  not  of  much  importance? 	
But  in  the  first  place  we  have  only  her  word  for  it,  since  it  was  she  who  tried  that  particular  door  and  reported  it  fastened. 	
but  it  was  clever...his  idea! 	
But  it  was  quite  a  natural  suggestion  for  a  layman  to  make. 	
But  it's  not  locked  now. 	
But  was  the  coffee  poisoned,  or  was  it  not? 	
But  what  were  Lawrence  Cavendish's  finger-marks  doing  on  it? 	
But  who  forced  it? 	
But  you  did  not  see  it? 	
But  you  will  find  it  all  right. 	
But  your  instinct  tells  you  he  did  not  commit  it. 	
But,  look  here,  Bauerstein  had  had  it  analysed  already? 	
Can  you  give  us  no  help  in  solving  it,  monsieur? 	
Certainly  it  was  bolted,  replied  Mary  Cavendish,  rather  surprised. I 	
Coarse  kitchen  salt,  it  looked. 	
cocoa  would  be  quite  powerless  to  mask  it. 	
Cross-examined,  they  admitted  that  it  might  be  the  prisoner's  hand-writing  cleverly  counterfeited. 	
Cynthia  took  the  bottle  and  examined  it  with  the  severity  of  a  judge. 	
Did  Mr.  Inglethorp  know  of  it? 	
Did  nothing  strike  you  as  peculiar  about  it? 	
Did  you  bring  it  straight  up  from  the  kitchen  then? 	
Did  you  not  find  it  yourself? 	
Do  you  not  think  that  it  bears  a  marked  resemblance  to  your  own  hand-writing...carelessly  hand-writing...carelessly  disguised? 	
Do  you  think  it  is  the  one? 	
Do  you  think  she  would  show  it  to  me? 	
Does  it  not  strike  you  as  unlikely  that  a  man  who  had  committed  a  crime  should  keep  the  evidence  of  it  in  an  unlocked  drawer  for  anyone  to  find? 	
Don't  mean  the  police,  but  the  people  that  are  right  in  it. 	
Don't  think  it  was  sent  after  him. 	
Dorcas  answered  it  in  due  course. 	
Dorcas  came  running  down  and  woke  my  husband,  and  we  all  went  to  my  mother-in-law's  mother-in-law's  room,  but  it  was  locked...... 	
Dorcas's  evidence  on  this  point  was  substantially  what  Poirot  and  I  had  already  heard,  so  I  will  not  repeat  it  here. 	
Dr  Bauerstein  had  it  tested,  and  you  yourself  laughed  at  the  possibility  of  there  being  strychnine  in  it. 	
Dr  Wilkins  corroborated  it  on  all  points. 	
Elizabeth  Wells,  second  housemaid  at  Styles,  stated  that  after  she  had  gone  to  bed  she  remembered  that  she  had  bolted  the  front  door,  instead  of  leaving  it  on  the  latch  as  Mr.  Inglethorp  had  requested. 	
Every  fresh  circumstance  seems  to  establish  it  more  clearly. 	
Feeling  in  need  of  a  stimulant  of  some  kind,  she  heated  up  her  cocoa,  and  drank  it  off  then  and  there. 	
Finally,  he  poured  a  few  drops  of  the  cocoa  into  a  test  tube,  sealing  it  up  carefully. 	
Finding  the  case  locked,  he  was  obliged  to  force  it,  thus  betraying  his  presence. 	
Five,  we  had,  before  the  war,  when  it  was  kept  as  a  gentleman's  place  should  be. 	
For  it  is  of  the  most  complicated! 	
Had  he  not,  in  all  probability,  been  the  cause  of  it? 	
Had  it  been  a  little  clearer  in  its  terms,  it  is  possible  that  Mr.s.  Inglethorp,  warned  in  time,  would  have  escaped.. 	
Having  deduced  its  existence,  I  set  Miss  Howard  to  search  for  it,  and,  as  you  see,  she  has  been  successful. 	
He  did  not  buy  it. 	
He  did  not  have  it  tested,  as  I  did,  for  a  narcotic. 	
"He  did  so,  on  the  round  table  by  the  window,  but  it  was  an  ill-advised  proceeding;  for,  the  top  of  it  being  loose,  it  tilted  up,  and  precipitated  the  despatch-case  on  the  floor. "	
He  examined  it  carefully,  and  then,  nimbly  whipping  out  a  pair  of  small  forceps  from  his  case,  he  drew  out  some  minute  particle  which  he  carefully  sealed  up  in  a  tiny  envelope. 	
He  fears  that  if  he  remains  in  the  room  he  may  have  to  open  it  again,  and  that  Mr.s.  Inglethorp  might  catch  sight  of  the  letter  before  he  could  snatch  it  up. 	
He  held  his  cap  in  his  hands,  twisting  it  very  carefully  round  and  round. 	
He  laughed  rather  ruefully,  as  he  described  how  he  had  discovered  a  very  rare  species  of  fern  in  an  inaccessible  place,  and  in  his  efforts  to  obtain  it  had  lost  his  footing,  and  slipped  ignominiously  into  a  neighbouring  pond. 	
He  made  me  take  the  brooch  out  of  my  tie  the  other  day,  and  put  it  in  again,  because  he  said  it  wasn't  straight. 	
He  poured  it  out,  and  went  out  of  the  room  carrying  it  carefully. 	
He  pulled  a  crumpled  envelope  out  of  his  pocket,  and  tossed  it  over  to  me. 	
He  repeated  it  to  me,  and  there  is  a  sentence  of  yours  that  has  impressed  me  very  much. 	
He  retrieved  it,  and  buried  it  neatly. 	
He  said  it  was  to  poison  a  dog. 	
He  seemed  somewhat  apathetic  in  the  search,  as  though  he  expected  no  great  results  from  it. 	
He  spread  it  out  on  the  table. 	
He  took  an  old  envelope  out  of  his  pocket,  and  wrote  his  name  on  it,  handing  it  to  the  jury. 	
He  took  out  the  charred  fragment  we  had  found  in  the  grate  in  Mr.s.  Inglethorp's  room,  and  handed  it  to  the  lawyer  with  a  brief  explanation  of  when  and  where  he  had  found  it. 	
He  took  out  the  key  from  the  lock,  and  passed  it  to  me  to  inspect. 	
He  turned  it  over  in  his  hands,  examining  it  closely. 	
He  was  carefully  engaged  in  brushing  his  coat  before  putting  it  on,  and  seemed  wholly  engrossed  in  the  task. 	
He  was  therefore  forced  to  depart  from  the  house,  leaving  it  in  the  spill  vase. 	
He  went  down  on  his  knees,  examining  it  minutely...even  going  so  far  as  to  smell  it. 	
His  head  was  exactly  the  shape  of  an  egg,  and  he  always  perched  it  a  little  on  one  side. 	
How  did  you  come  to  look  for  it? 	
How  did  you  get  it? 	
How  soon,  and  how  contemptuously,  I  had  dismissed  it  from  my  mind. 	
"However,  he  went  to  the  length  of  unbolting  it,  and  opening  and  shutting  it  several  times;  this  he  did  with  the  utmost  precaution  against  making  any  noise. "	
I  accordingly  secured  a  sample  of  that  cocoa,  and  sent  it  to  be  analysed. 	
I  am  certain  that  you  would  find  it. 	
I  am  much  obliged  to  you  for  mentioning  it. 	
I  at  once  examined  the  bedroom  of  the  deceased  which,  by  the  advice  of  the  doctors,  had  been  kept  locked,  and  was  consequently  exactly  as  it  had  been  when  the  tragedy  occurred. 	
I  awaited  his  next  question  with  impatience,  but  it  disappointed  me. 	
I  beg  of  you  to  reply  to  it  truthfully. 	
I  brushed  it  aside. 	
I  cannot  say...but  it  is  suggestive. 	
"I  couldn't  rightly  say,  sir;  it  was  shut  but  I  couldn't  say  whether  it  was  bolted  or  not. "	
I  did,  but  it  contains  no  information. 	
I  don't  know  if  it  was  a  letter,  or  just  a  piece  of  paper,  but  it  had  writing  on  it,  and  she  kept  staring  at  it,  almost  as  if  she  couldn't  believe  what  was  written  there. 	
I  examined  it  closely. 	
I  fear  it  does  not  help  us  much,  said  the  Coroner,  with  a  sigh. 	
I  had  rejected  it  as  absurd,  nevertheless  it  persisted. 	
I  handed  the  fragment  over  to  the  police  who  did  not  consider  it  of  much  importance. 	
I  happened  to  notice  that  it  was  bolted. 	
I  have  found  it  hard  to  forgive  the  things  you  said  against  my  dear  husband  but  I  am  an  old  woman  &  very  fond  of  you,  Yours  affectionately,  Emily  Inglethorpe  It  was  handed  to  the  jury  who  scrutinized  it  attentively. 	
I  hoped  and  prayed  it  would  not  occur  to  John  also. 	
I  know  Dr  Bauerstein  had  it  tested,  replied  Poirot  quietly. 	
I  locked  it,  out  of  precaution,  this  morning. 	
I  looked  everywhere  for  it. 	
I  mean,  explained  Poirot,  you  are  sure  it  was  bolted,  and  not  merely  locked? 	
I  never  noticed  it  when  I  took  the  tray  up,  but  when  I  came  to  take  it  into  the  mistress's  room  I  saw  it  at  once,  and  I  suppose  I  ought  to  have  taken  it  down  again,  and  asked  Cook  to  make  some  fresh. 	
I  poured  it  out,  yes. 	
I  put  it  to  you  that  it  is  your  own  hand-writing! 	
I  really  wonder  that  I  did  not  think  of  it  myself. 	
I  relinquished  the  piece  of  paper,  and  watched  him  put  it  away  in  his  case,  with  the  same  methodical  care  that  he  bestowed  on  everything. 	
I  said  bolted,  meaning  that  it  was  fastened,  and  I  could  not  open  it,  but  I  believe  all  the  doors  were  found  bolted  on  the  inside. 	
I  saw  him  put  it  down  there. 	
I  shall  never  forget  it. 	
I  shall  never  forget  the  night  he  came  down  as  the  Char  of  Persia,  I  think  he  called  it...a  sort  of  Eastern  King  it  was. 	
I  should  have  carried  it  away  with  me. 	
I  should  think  some  one  had  taken  charge  of  it. 	
I  spent  it  in  ransacking  the  library  until  I  discovered  a  medical  book  which  gave  a  description  of  strychnine  poisoning. 	
I  suppose  it  is  the  sample  of  cocoa. 	
I  suppose  you  are  quite  sure  that  the  latch-key  was  forgotten...that  he  did  not  take  it  after  all? 	
I  tell  you  it  is  not  what  you  imagine. 	
I  thought  about  the  crime,  and  it  struck  me  as  being  very  unreal  and  far  off. 	
I  was  fairly  certain  that  it  was  Mr.s.  Cavendish  who  had  hidden  it,  but  I  had  to  make  sure. 	
I  was  not  sure  then  if  Inglethorp  was  the  criminal  or  not,  but  if  he  was  I  reasoned  that  he  would  not  have  the  paper  on  him,  but  would  have  hidden  it  somewhere,  and  by  enlisting  the  sympathy  of  the  household  I  could  effectually  prevent  his  destroying  it. 	
I  will  pour  it  out. 	
I  will  take  it  to  Emily. 	
I  wish  you  could  have  seen  it  then,  sir. 	
I...I  believe  it  was. 	
I'd  love  him  to  see  it. 	
If  anyone  had  chanced  to  look  this  morning  before  his  return,  and  seen  it  there,  it  would  have  been  a  valuable  point  in  his  favour. 	
If  Mr.  Inglethorp  did  take  it,  he  has  had  ample  time  to  replace  it  by  now. 	
If  that  man  comes  into  the  house,  I  leave  it! 	
I'll  go  and  see  if  it's  there  now. 	
In  case  of  a  refusal,  Lady  Tadminster  might  open  it  the  first  day,  and  Mr.s.  Crosbie  the  second. 	
In  fact  I  am  almost  certain  that  it  was  made  no  earlier  than  yesterday  afternoon. 	
In  other  words,  it  was  winter  underclothing. 	
In  the  event  of  a  parcel  arriving  for  him  whilst  he  was  away,  what  would  be  done  with  it? 	
In  the  meantime,  remember  it. 	
It  added  nothing  to  our  knowledge  of  the  tragedy. 	
It  came  quite  as  a  surprise  to  Wells...and  to  John  Cavendish  also. 	
It  can  be  detected  in  a  solution  of  1 in  70,000,  and  can  only  be  disguised  by  some  strongly  flavoured  substance. 	
It  can  neither  be  explained  nor  ignored. 	
It  certainly  isn't  a  J. 	
It  concealed  a  very  opposite  emotion. 	
It  confirms  a  surmise  of  mine. 	
It  did  not  yield  much. 	
It  does  not  concern  you  in  the  least. 	
It  does  not  matter,  said  Poirot,  not  betraying  any  sign  of  disappointment. 	
It  fitted,  and  he  opened  the  box,  but  after  a  moment's  hesitation,  closed  and  relocked  it,  and  slipped  the  bunch  of  keys,  as  well  as  the  key  that  had  originally  stood  in  the  lock,  into  his  own  pocket. 	
It  had  been  found  in  Mr.s.  Inglethorp's  cheque  book,  and  on  being  reversed  at  a  mirror,  showed  clearly  the  words:  . 	
It  had  never  been  opened. 	
"It  has  been  recently  done;  is  it  not  so? "	
It  has  to  be  examined...sifted. 	
It  is  an  L., 	
It  is  destroyed...but  is  it  destroyed? 	
It  is  merely  a  note  asking  me  to  call  upon  her  this  morning,  as  she  wanted  my  advice  on  a  matter  of  great  importance. 	
It  is  near  the  window,  this  cupboard? 	
It  is  not  the  key,  but  it  will  open  it  at  a  pinch. 	
It  is  retarded  under  certain  conditions,  none  of  which,  however,  appear  to  have  been  present  in  this  case. 	
It  is  this. 	
It  is  unparalleled  for  the  mal  de  tete. 	
It  is,  as  you  see,  highly  magnified. 	
It  leavens  the ...she  looked  at  him... stolid  stupidity  of  the  ordinary  Englishman. 	
It  makes  me  feel  as  if  a  goose  were  walking  over  my  grave. 	
It  may  have  done,  but  Mr.  Lawrence  was  away  from  home  part  of  June. 	
It  may  turn  out  to  be  a  piece  of  one  of  Mr.s.  Inglethorp's  own  dresses,  and  quite  unimportant. 	
It  might  be  T., 	
It  might  have  been  salt,  replied  Poirot  placidly. 	
It  might,  in  fact,  have  been  any  postmark? 	
It  must  have  been  done  since  yesterday,  otherwise  a  good  housemaid  would  have  at  once  removed  it  with  blotting-paper  and  a  hot  iron. 	
It  must  have  been  made  just  at  the  time  they  were  engaged. 	
It  puzzled  me,  for  I  saw  no  occasion  for  it. 	
It  puzzles  me. 	
It  shows  clearly  enough  that  my  poor  old  friend  had  just  found  out  she'd  been  made  a  fool  of! 	
It  tells  you  more...shall  I  go  on? 	
It  was  a  medium  sized  sheet  of  paper,  rather  dusty,  as  though  it  had  lain  by  for  some  time. 	
It  was  already  there...in  the  mixture. 	
It  was  an  ordinary  key  of  the  Yale  type,  with  a  bit  of  twisted  wire  through  the  handle. 	
It  was  certainly  utterly  dissimilar. 	
It  was  cut  exactly  the  shape  of  Mr.  Inglethorp's,  and  I  found  one  or  two  snipped  hairs. 	
It  was  Number  Six  of  my  catalogue. 	
It  was  obviously  locked  or  bolted  on  the  inside. 	
It  was  one  of  the  longest  and  blackest  I  have  ever  seen. 	
It  was  ordered  by  letter,  and  a  postal  order  was  enclosed. 	
"It  was  produced;  and,  with  a  few  words  of  stern  censure,  the  Coroner  dismissed  the  wretched  Mr.  Mace. "	
It  was  rather  a  curious  document. 	
It  was  still  damp,  it  exhaled  a  strong  odour  of  coffee,  and  imbedded  in  the  nap  of  the  carpet  I  found  some  little  splinters  of  china. 	
It  was  vital  to  him  that  it  should  be  destroyed  before  it  was  discovered  and  its  significance  appreciated. 	
It  was  written  on  one  of  those  printed  will  forms,  and  witnessed  by  two  of  the  servants...not  Dorcas. 	
It  will  revive  you. 	
It  would  clear  the  air. 	
It  would  either  be  put  in  his  room  or  sent  on  after  him. 	
It's  an  interesting  little  place. 	
It's  never  been  undone. 	
It's  so  utterly  foolish. 	
It's  up  in  the  front  attic,  sir. 	
John,  I  think,  would  have  pressed  his  questions  further,  but  at  that  moment  the  loud  purr  of  a  motor  was  audible,  and  we  all  turned  to  the  window  as  it  swept  past. 	
Let  the  cost  be  what  it  may. 	
Let  them  take  the  testimony  they  had  heard  and  sift  it  impartially. 	
Manning  came  slowly  and  hesitatingly  through  the  French  window,  and  stood  as  near  it  as  he  could. 	
Mary  Cavendish  was  saying  in  the  voice  of  a  woman  desperately  controlling  herself:  Then  you  won't  show  it  to  me? 	
Mary  was  situated  about  two  miles  from  the  little  station,  and  Styles  Court  lay  a  mile  the  other  side  of  it. 	
Mon  ami,  he  said,  turning  to  me,  somebody  stepped  on  that  cup,  grinding  it  to  powder,  and  the  reason  they  did  so  was  either  because  it  contained  strychnine  or...which  is  far  more  serious...because  it  did  not  contain  strychnine! 	
Mr.s.  Inglethorp  reads  it,  and  becomes  aware  of  the  perfidy  of  her  husband  and  Evelyn  Howard,  though,  unfortunately,  the  sentence  about  the  bromides  conveys  no  warning  to  her  mind. 	
My  good  Dorcas,  I  have  an  idea...a  little  idea...if  it  should  prove  justified,  what  magnificent  chance! 	
My  idea  was...a  very  ridiculous  one,  no  doubt...that  she  had  intended  to  poison  him...and  that,  in  some  way,  Mr.s.  Inglethorp  got  hold  of  it  by  mistake. 	
My  mother,  at  the  time  of  her  death,  and  for  some  time  before  it,  was  taking  a  tonic  containing  strychnine. 	
Nevertheless,  in  view  of  the  world-wide  notoriety  which  attended  it,  I  have  been  asked,  both  by  my  friend  Poirot  and  the  family  themselves,  to  write  an  account  of  the  whole  story. 	
No  doubt  it  has  struck  you  too. 	
No,  for  it  is  still  perceptibly  damp  and  smells  of  coffee. 	
No,  I  can't  say  it  did. 	
No,  I  myself  took  a  sample  of  the  cocoa  remaining  in  the  saucepan  and  had  it  analysed. 	
No,  I  never  take  it  in  coffee. 	
No,  it  wasn't,  I  admitted  reluctantly. 	
No,  my  friend,  this  evidence  has  been  very  cleverly  manufactured...so  cleverly  that  it  has  defeated  its  own  ends. 	
No,  sir,  I  should  leave  it  on  the  hall  table. 	
No,  sir,  you  see  there's  not  much  room  on  the  gas  stove,  so  Cook  used  to  make  it  early,  before  putting  the  vegetables  on  for  supper. 	
Nor  did  they  recognize  it  for  what  it  was...a  piece  torn  from  a  green  land  armlet. 	
Not  only  was  it  entirely  circumstantial,  but  the  greater  part  of  it  was  practically  unproved. 	
"Now,  if  it  had  been  lost  and  recovered,  Mr.s.  Inglethorp  would  at  once  have  replaced  it  on  her  bunch;  but  on  her  bunch  I  found  what  was  obviously  the  duplicate  key,  very  new  and  bright,  which  led  me  to  the  hypothesis  that  somebody  else  had  inserted  the  original  key  in  the  lock  of  the  despatch-case. "	
Of  course,  it  was  all  a  bad  dream. 	
Officially,  I  have  nothing  to  do  with  it. 	
Oh,  yes,  I  had  a  little  idea  sometime  ago...and  it  has  turned  out  to  be  correct. 	
One  or  two  of  those  powders  introduced  into  the  full  bottle  of  medicine  would  effectually  precipitate  the  strychnine,  as  the  book  describes,  and  cause  it  to  be  taken  in  the  last  dose. 	
or  it  might  be  L., 	
Otherwise,  Poirot  himself  might  relieve  me  of  it. 	
Our  efforts  having  been  in  vain,  we  had  abandoned  the  matter,  hoping  that  it  might  turn  up  of  itself  one  day. 	
Pardon  me,  mon  ami,  but  you  did  not  understand  it  in  the  least. 	
Parkson's,  the  well-known  theatrical  costumiers,  and  it  was  addressed  to  ...(the  debatable  initial)  Cavendish,  Esq., 	
Poirot  and  I  had,  of  course  already  seen  it. 	
Poirot  delicately  dipped  his  finger  into  liquid,  and  tasted  it  gingerly. 	
Possibly  she  applied  oil  to  the  hinges,  for  I  found  that  it  opened  quite  noiselessly  when  I  tried  it. 	
Probably  any  other  of  the  doorkeys  in  this  passage  would  fit  it. 	
Probably,  I  thought,  it  really  never  happened. 	
Rapidly,  I  considered  it. 	
Say  it  over  again,  will  you? 	
Seeing  it  on  the  tray,  sir. 	
She  brought  it  down  with  her  every  morning,  and  took  it  up  every  night. 	
She  demanded  it  from  Mr.s.  Inglethorp  who  assured  her,  quite  truly,  that  it  had  nothing  to  do  with  that  matter. 	
She  had  only  made  it  out  that  very  afternoon! 	
She  hesitated,  and  suddenly  there  swept  across  her  face  a  strange  expression,  old  as  the  hills,  yet  with  something  eternally  young  about  it. 	
She  is  seized  with  panic,  and  under  its  influence  she  hurries  downstairs,  and  quickly  drops  the  coffee-cup  and  saucer  used  by  Mademoiselle  Cynthia  into  a  large  brass  vase,  where  it  is  discovered  later  by  Monsieur  Lawrence. 	
She  may  have  forgotten  to  bolt  the  door  into  the  passage  when  she  went  to  bed,  and  have  got  up  later,  towards  morning,  and  bolted  it  then. 	
She  meant,  replied  Poirot  promptly,  that  she  found  it  on  top  of  a  wardrobe. 	
She  might  have  burnt  the  new  one,  mistaking  it  for  the  earlier  one  in  his  favour. 	
She  missed  it  yesterday  at  lunch-time,  sir,  and  told  me  to  look  carefully  for  it. 	
She  picks  it  up,  and  retreats  quickly  to  Mademoiselle  Cynthia's  room,  closing  the  door  behind  her. 	
She  still  had  the  letter,  or  whatever  it  was,  in  her  hand? 	
She  usually  did  lock  it  at  night. 	
"She  was  an  old  lady,  and  might  possibly  have  forgotten  the  former  one;  or...this  seemed  to  him  more  likely...she  may  have  had  an  idea  that  it  was  revoked  by  her  marriage,  as  there  had  been  some  conversation  on  the  subject. "	
She  was  very  much  put  out  about  it. 	
Shorn  of  its  medical  phraseology  and  technicalities,  it  amounted  to  the  fact  that  Mr.s.  Inglethorp  had  met  her  death  as  the  result  of  strychnine  poisoning. 	
Sir  Ernest  Heavywether's  speech  in  opening  the  case  for  the  defence  was  not  a  long  one,  but  it  was  backed  by  the  full  force  of  his  emphatic  manner. 	
So  I  dusted  it  off  with  my  apron,  and  took  it  in. 	
Sounded  as  to  the  possibility  of  suicide,  he  repudiated  it  utterly. 	
Strychnine  is,  in  a  certain  sense,  a  cumulative  poison,  but  it  would  be  quite  impossible  for  it  to  result  in  sudden  death  in  this  way. 	
Supposing  a  parcel  arrived  addressed  to  Mr.  Lawrence  Cavendish,  and  afterwards  it  disappeared,  should  you  remark  its  absence? 	
Surely  he  could  not  be  unaware  of  the  fact,  conceal  it  as  we  would. 	
Taking  the  keys  from  Poirot,  John  unlocked  it,  and  we  all  passed  in. 	
Tell  me,  is  there  nothing  familiar  about  the  hand-writing  of  it? 	
That  object,  it  concerns  Mr.  Alfred  Inglethorp. 	
That  salt  on  the  tray,  what  else  could  it  have  been? 	
That  suggested  to  me  at  once  that  it  had  possibly  been  wrenched  off  a  flimsy  key-ring. 	
That's  it,  sir,  right  enough. 	
The  '1'  was  written  in  before  the  '7'  to  turn  it  into  the  '17th'. 	
The  Belgian  detective  who  was  employed  on  the  case  asked  me  to  search  for  it. 	
The  Coroner  reflected  a  moment,  then  he  said:  I  believe,  Mr.  Inglethorp,  that  you  yourself  poured  out  the  coffee,  and  took  it  to  your  wife  that  evening? 	
The  doctors  ridiculed  it  of  course. 	
The  examination  was  over,  though  I  doubted  if  the  Coroner  was  entirely  satisfied  with  it. 	
The  fire  burns...and  it  destroys. 	
The  following  is  a  facsimile  of  it. 	
The  framework  of  the  door  was  solid,  and  for  a  long  time  it  resisted  our  efforts,  but  at  last  we  felt  it  give  beneath  our  weight,  and  finally,  with  a  resounding  crash,  it  was  burst  open. 	
The  French  window  swung  open  a  little  wider,  and  a  handsome  white-haired  old  lady,  with  a  somewhat  masterful  cast  of  features,  stepped  out  of  it  on  to  the  lawn. 	
The  little  nurse  withdrew,  and  Cynthia  promptly  took  a  jar  from  the  shelf,  refilled  the  bottle,  and  placed  it  on  the  table  outside  the  door. 	
The  man  came  and  put  it  right  on  Tuesday  morning. 	
"The  paper  was  safe  where  it  was;  since  no  one  had  thought  of  looking  there  in  the  first  week,  it  was  not  likely  they  would  do  so  afterwards. "	
The  quarrel  which  had  taken  place  between  prisoner  and  his  stepmother  was  freely  admitted,  but  both  it  and  his  financial  embarrassments  had  been  grossly  exaggerated. 	
The  reaction  after  a  shock  is  always  trying,  and  I  think  we  were  all  suffering  from  it. 	
The  remark  seemed  so  utterly  irrelevant  that  I  did  not  even  take  the  trouble  to  answer  it. 	
The  second  'scandal'  she  spoke  of  was  not  the  same  as  the  first...and  it  concerned  herself! 	
The  servants  noticed  nothing,  since  Annie,  the  housemaid,  who  took  in  the  coffee,  brought  in  seven  cups,  not  knowing  that  Mr.  Inglethorp  never  drank  it,  whereas  Dorcas,  who  cleared  them  away  the  following  morning,  found  six  as  usual...or  strictly  speaking  she  found  five,  the  sixth  being  the  one  found  broken  in  Mr.s.  Inglethorp's  room. 	
The  swing  door  is  in  the  left  wing,  is  it  not? 	
The  symptoms  appear  from  one  to  two  hours  after  it  has  been  swallowed. 	
Then  how  do  you  account  for  the  fact  that  you  left  the  unmistakable  impress  of  your  finger-prints  on  it? 	
Then  I  used  to  bring  it  up,  and  put  it  on  the  table  by  the  swing  door,  and  take  it  into  her  room  later. 	
Then  show  it  to  me. 	
Then  why  did  you  take  it  up? 	
Then  you  must  know  where  you  found  it? 	
Then,  all  the  time,  it  was  in  the  spill  vase  in  Mr.s.  Inglethorp's  bedroom,  under  our  very  noses?  I  cried. 	
"There  are  no  means  of  destroying  it;  and  he  dare  not  keep  it. "	
There  was  no  need  to  introduce  it. 	
Therefore  she  drank  it  between  then  and  half-past  eight...certainly  not  much  later. 	
There's  only  one  thing  I  can't  make  out,  why  didn't  he  destroy  it  at  once  when  he  got  hold  of  it? 	
They  all  declared  unanimously  that  it  was  certainly  not  his  hand-writing,  and  gave  it  as  their  view  that  it  might  be  that  of  the  prisoner  disguised. 	
This  is  the  third  time  we  run  up  against  it. 	
This  will  was  found  destroyed  in  the  grate  of  her  bedroom  the  following  morning,  but  evidence  had  come  to  light  which  showed  that  it  had  been  drawn  up  in  favour  of  her  husband. 	
To  make  sure,  she  had  further  tried  it  in  a  sentence,  thus:  'I  am  possessed.' 	
To  take  the  fragment  of  green  material  first,  I  found  it  caught  in  the  bolt  of  the  communicating  door  between  that  room  and  the  adjoining  one  occupied  by  Mademoiselle  Cynthia. 	
Unfortunately,  he  had  met  with  no  one  on  the  way  there  or  back  who  could  vouch  for  the  truth  of  his  story,  but  luckily  he  had  kept  the  note,  and  it  would  be  produced  as  evidence. 	
Visitors  were  not  permitted  below  at  that  hour,  so,  in  spite  of  my  many  apologies,  Mademoiselle  Cynthia's  colleague  had  to  go  down  and  fetch  it  for  me. 	
Voices  rose  near  at  hand,  for  tea  was  spread  out  under  the  sycamore-tree,  as  it  had  been  on  the  day  of  my  arrival. 	
We  always  keep  it  in  the  hall  drawer. 	
We  come  to  a  little  difficulty  here,  since  Mr.s.  Inglethorp  never  drank  it. 	
We  must  find  out  who  did  take  that  coffee  to  Mr.s.  Inglethorp  eventually,  or  who  passed  through  the  hall  whilst  it  was  standing  there. 	
We  propose  that  it  should  take  place  tomorrow  night...or  rather  tonight. 	
We  went  out  through  that  door,  locking  both  it  and  that  of  Mr.s.  Inglethorp's  room  as  before. 	
We  were  all  busy  during  the  morning  arranging  and  decorating  the  Hall  in  the  village  where  it  was  to  take  place. 	
We  will  look  at  the  chest,  although...but  no  matter...we  will  examine  it  all  the  same. 	
We  will  say  that  she  is  seeking  for  something  and  has  not  yet  found  it. 	
Well,  don't  let  him  have  too  much  of  it. 	
Well,  I  don't  know,  sir,  I  expect  she  would  lock  it  up  in  that  purple  case  of  hers. 	
Well,  I  have  a  fancy  for  having  it  analysed  again,  that  is  all. 	
Well,  it  is  this:  that  Mr.s.  Cavendish  does  not  care,  and  never  has  cared  one  little  jot  about  Dr  Bauerstein! 	
Well,  sir,  she  slipped  it  into  a  long  envelope,  and  put  it  inside  a  sort  of  purple  box  that  was  standing  on  the  desk. 	
What  could  be  easier  than  quietly  to  dissolve  one  or  more  of  those  powders  in  Mr.s.  Inglethorp's  large  sized  bottle  of  medicine  when  it  came  from  Coot's? 	
What  did  she  do  with  it  afterwards? 	
What  had  happened  was  plain  to  me,  for  not  two  minutes  before  I  had  placed  my  little  case  on  the  table  near  the  window,  and  the  table,  tilting  up,  had  deposited  it  upon  the  floor  on  precisely  the  identical  spot. 	
What  happened  next  is  mere  guess  work  on  my  part,  but  I  should  say  that  Mr.s.  Inglethorp  picked  up  the  broken  cup  and  placed  it  on  the  table  by  the  bed. 	
What  I  want  to  ask  is  this:  the  door  leading  into  Mr.s.  Inglethorp's  room  from  that  of  Mademoiselle  Cynthia,  it  was  bolted,  you  say? 	
What  makes  you  think  there  was  salt  in  it?  asked  Poirot. 	
What  time  did  you  bring  it  up  last  night? 	
What  was  it? 	
What  would  she  be  likely  to  do  with  it  afterwards? 	
When  I  came  through  the  hall  again  a  few  minutes  later,  it  was  gone. 	
When  I  went  up  to  Styles  with  you  that  first  day,  I  had  no  idea  as  to  how  the  crime  had  been  committed,  but  from  what  I  knew  of  Mr.  Inglethorp  I  fancied  that  it  would  be  very  hard  to  find  anything  to  connect  him  with  it. 	
Where  did  it  come  from?  I  asked  curiously. 	
Where  did  you  eventually  discover  it? 	
Where  is  it  now? 	
Who  put  it  in  the  chest,  I  wonder? 	
Who  took  it  to  her  room? 	
Wilkins  hadn't  an  idea  of  such  a  thing,  until  Bauerstein  put  it  into  his  head. 	
Will  you  tell  us  to  whom  you  sold  it? 	
Yes,  it  is  Mr.s.  Inglethorp's. 	
Yes,  it  was  a  clever  idea! 	
Yes,  it  was  on  the  prisoner's  wardrobe. 	
Yes,  it's  a  fine  property. 	
Yes,  sir,  and  I  would  have  taken  it  out  with  a  piece  of  blotting-paper  and  a  hot  iron. 	
Yes,  sir,  it  was  put  in  her  room  every  evening,  and  she  warmed  it  up  in  the  night...whenever  she  fancied  it. 	
"Yes,  sir;  it  always  was. "	
Yes...that  is  to  say,  I  believe  I  know  how  it  was  committed. 	
You  abandon  it  in  the  war-time,  eh? 	
You  believe  him  capable  of  committing  it. 	
You  couldn't  call  it  a  suspicion,  I  murmured. 	
You  do  not  know  if  it  was  sent  after  Mr.  Lawrence  Cavendish  to  Wales,  or  whether  it  was  put  in  his  room? 	
You  notice  it  had  been  trimmed? 	
You  observed  that  it  had  a  piece  of  twisted  wire  through  the  handle. 	
You  realize  that  he  chose  the  one  place  in  the  house  to  hide  it  where  its  presence  would  not  be  remarked? 	
You  rushed  down  to  Styles,  and  found  it  still  there? 	
You  stood  by  the  mantel-piece,  twiddling  the  things  on  it  in  your  usual  fashion,  and  your  hand  shook  like  a  leaf! 	
You  will  learn  later  that  the  person  who  usually  poured  out  Mr.s.  Inglethorp's  medicine  was  always  extremely  careful  not  to  shake  the  bottle,  but  to  leave  the  sediment  at  the  bottom  of  it  undisturbed. 	
You  would  inherit  it,  wouldn't  you? 	
