Zumba is a fitness program involving dance and aerobic elements.
Zygonoides fraseri is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.
It is found in Ghana and Uganda.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, and rivers.
The Zirkelstein is the smallest table hill of Saxon Switzerland.
It is a wooded, cone-shaped hill with a striking 40 metre high summit block of sandstone rock.
Boiling Springs State Park is a park built near Woodward, Oklahoma, USA, by the Civilian Conservation Corps in the 1930s.
Biscoe Islands is a series of islands, of which the principal ones are Renaud, Lavoisier (named Serrano by Chile and Mitre by Argentina), Watkins, Krogh, Pickwick and Rabot, lying parallel to the west coast of Graham Land and extending 150 km between Southwind Passage on the northeast and Matha Strait on the southwest.
Another group of islands are the Adolph Islands.
The islands are named for John Biscoe, the commander of a British expedition which explored the islands on February 17 and 18, 1832.
The Birgi is a river in the Province of Trapani, which debouches in the Strait of Sicily between Marsala and Trapani.
Solids can be classified according to the nature of the bonding between their atomic or molecular components.
The Bonnie Blue Flag was an unofficial banner of the Confederate States of America at the start of the American Civil War in 1861.
It consists of a single, five-pointed white star on a blue field.
It closely resembles the flag of the short-lived Republic of West Florida of 1810, as well as the current flag of Somalia.
The blacknose shiner (Notropis heterolepis) is a species of fish belonging to the family Cyprinidae.
The Bryn Gwyn stones stand about 280 metres to the south-west of Castell Bryn Gwyn, on the low ridge some above the valley of the Afon Braint on the Isle of Anglesey in Wales.
Brunia sarawaca is a moth of the family Erebidae.
It was described by Butler in 1877.
It is found on Borneo, Peninsular Malaysia, Java and the north-eastern Himalayas.
Braegarie is a house in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
``Blood'' is a song by British post-punk revival band Editors and is featured on their 2005 debut album, The Back Room.
Colin Kaepernick became a starting quarterback during the 49ers 63rd season in the National Football League.
Fox 2000 Pictures released the film Soul Food.
There is a capital called Mogadishu.
The Cretaceous ended.
Nicholas Brody is a character on Homeland.
CBS is the network that aired The Millers.
Edgar Wright is a person.
Ann Richards was professionally involved in politics.
Drake Bell put out an EP.
Aristotle spent time in Athens.
James VI and I was a major advocate of a single parliament for Scotland and England.
Marcus Bentley is a broadcaster.
Mel B released a song on Virgin Records in 2007.
Shane Black was born in 1961.
Jennifer Lopez made a single.
Sancho Panza is a character in Don Quixote.
Brazzers is a company.
Tim Roth is an English actor.
Ernest Medina participated in the My Lai Massacre.
Jenna Jameson worked as a glamor model and a stripper.
Jack Falahee is a person who acts.
A&E is a cable and satellite television network.
L.A. Reid has served as the president of a record label.
Home for the Holidays stars an American actress.
Taran Killam is an American writer.
Christa McAuliffe taught social studies at Concord High School.
Heavy Metal music was developed in the early 1970's.
Bermuda Triangle is also known by another name.
Topman has clothing outlets in six Irish cities and towns.
Wales' population changed.
Stripes had Conrad Dunn featured in it.
2015 was the year when the principal photography of The Disaster Aritst (film) started.
In 1971 Asylum Records the American record label was founded by David Geffen and his partner Elliot Roberts.
Trollhunters was produced by an animation company.
The Armenian Genocide was the killing of Armenians who were mostly Ottoman natives.
There is a British actor name Marcus Bentley.
The Beach's director was Danny Boyle.
Advertising is an sound-based manner of marketing communication.
Drake Bell put out an extended play in 2011.
Caroline Kennedy is American.
The Mod Squad is a series that fits into the genre of crime drama.
The Dark Tower is a fantasy film.
Arizona is a state in the United States.
Smriti Mandhana is an Indian cricketer born in July.
Emma Watson was born.
Congressional Space Medal of Honor is the highest award given only to astronauts by NASA.
Down With Love is a 2003 comedy film.
Colombiana is a French film.
Rick Yune was on a series that cancelled on December 12.
Roar (song) is on the 2013 Katy Perry album Prism.
The human brain contains a hypothalamus.
Alice Cooper has been working in his field for over 50 years.
EA Black Box was a picture game developer.
The ruins of the ancient Roman town of Herculaneum lie near Naples.
Morse Code is communication.
Speech recognition incorporates knowledge and research into multiple fields.
Anne Sullivan was born in April of 1866.
The filming of Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge finished in August 1995.
Sean Penn was in a movie.
Water is part of the History of Earth.
Martin Van Buren was Secretary of State.
Darwin is the location where production of Australia (2008 film) took place.
Excuse My French is the debut album of an artist.
DreamWorks Animation produced Trollhunters.
Sophia Bush acted in movies.
Francis I of France was a king.
Lemmy had a distinct gravelly voice that made him known.
Global warming threatens food security.
Baz Luhrmann's film Australia stars Nicole Kidman.
Folklore includes proverbs.
Humphrey Bogart was ranked greatest male star of Classic American cinema.
Rick Yune was on a tv series with Marco Polo.
Trollhunters is computer-animated.
Finding Dory was directed by someone.
Kentucky is known for bluegrass music.
Kelly Preston starred in the film Broken Bridges.
Kesha has a full name.
Excuse My French is the debut album of a hip hop recording artist.
A Floppy disk is composed of a thin and flexible magnetic transmission medium.
The horse has changed in size as it evolved.
Forceps are a hinged instrument.
The Closer's final season was its seventh season.
Robert Palmer (writer) has written for the New York Times.
The Concert for Bangladesh is recognized as a highly successful and influential project.
Avenged Sevenfold was released in October.
Bret Easton Ellis wrote the screenplay for The Canyons.
Homer Hickman is a writer of historical fiction books.
Winter's Tale is by an American.
Soyuz was part of a space program.
Steve Ditko studied at the Cartoonist and Illustrators School.
Tata Motors is a constituent of the last BSE SENSEX index.
Vietnam is a place.
Danielle Cormack is an actress.
Angela Bassett is alive.
Stadium Arcadium featured John Frusciante.
Policies implemented by Margaret Thatcher came to be known as Thatcherism.
Duff McKagan writes sometimes.
Richard Alf was one of the founders of San Diego Comic-Con.
This is an ethnic group called Lithuanians.
Michael Vick is an American.
The Food Network is a channel that ran Giada at Home.
Southpaw is a movie in the sports drama genre.
Liverpool is in Europe.
Ron Weasley is part of the Harry Potter series as the eponymous wizard's best friend.
Stephen Hillenburg was fascinated with the ocean as a child.
Moonlight premiered at the Telluride Film Festival in 2016.
Blue Jasmine has Sally Hawkins acting in it.
Stripes had a person appear in it.
Manmohan Singh was elected again.
Dan O'Bannon worked primarily in two genres.
Tim McGraw acted in The Blind Side.
Ashton Kutcher was co-stars with Cameron Diaz.
The album One of the Boys contains I Kissed a Girl.
Veeram had a director.
In 2004 Paramore formed.
Basildon is a place.
Goosebumps (film) is penned by Darren Lemke.
In the End was positively reviewed.
Riverdale is an adaptation.
A third series of Poldark has been commissioned.
Qui-Gon Jinn is a fictional person in the Star Wars franchise.
Middle-earth was created by British writer J. R. R. Tolkien.
House is an American medical drama.
Diwali spiritually signifies the victory of light over darkness.
Sandra Bullock was an executive producer of George Lopez.
Yandex operates in Kazakhstan.
Miranda Otto began her film acting career at age 18.
Noah Cyrus is a younger sister of Miley Cyrus.
Carlos Santana is both American and Mexican.
Jeong Hyeong-don was born in the 1970's.
Miracle at St. Anna mainly takes place in Italy.
Black Canary is a character in comic books published by DC Comics.
Girl is an album.
Craig David was nominated for an award.
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy stars John Hurt.
Dreamer (2005 film) is a 2005 film.
Hush (2016 film) was produced by Trevor Macy through Intrepid Pictures.
Goosebumps (film) was directed by Rob Letterman.
Edgar Wright is a person who acts.
Match Point is a film.
New Orleans Pelicans compete in the NBA.
The French Resistance planned acts of sabotage on telecommunication networks.
Rob Sheridan was born in 1979.
Eva Green had a theatre career.
The Republic of Macedonia is a region.
Tim McGraw acted in a movie.
Moonlight's filming began after 2002.
Morse Code is used in air traffic control.
Asylum Records is an American record label founded in 1971 by two people.
Don Hall is a film writer.
Christian Gottlob Neefe was an opera writer.
Kenneth Lonergan is a writer of plays.
Lou Gehrig was a baseball player who defended the area near the first base.
Daag was released in 1973.
Nestor Carbonell starred in a drama series by ABC.
Byron Howard co-directed at least one animated film.
The Bahamas is an internationally recognized state that comprises a series of islands that form the Lucayan Archipelago.
Janet Leigh was a singer.
Sora (Kingdom Hearts) is a character in the world of Kingdom Hearts.
Stanley Williams was a convicted criminal.
Sleipnir appears in Norse mythology.
XHamster produces online content.
Roland Emmerich is an active campaigner for the LGBT community.
Highway to Heaven began airing in the 20th century.
Tool is an artist.
Baz Luhrmann's film has different genres.
Harold Macmillan was British.
Murda Beatz is a hip hop record producer.
The Kerner Entertainment Company produced The Mighty Ducks.
The Bahamas is called officially the Commonwealth of The Bahamas.
Robert Palmer (writer) wrote Deep Blues.
Tongan is a Polynesian language.
Hush (2016 film) was produced.
L.A. Reid has served as the CEO of an American record label owned by a music company.
Bessie Smith was a singer.
Chile is a country.
Sidse Babett Knudsen does theater work.
Papua was formerly called by another name.
Kuching is the capital of Sarawak.
A River Runs Through It has been nominated for an Oscar.
Giada at Home first aired in 2008.
David Packouz was born in February of 1982.
Wish Upon starred a person.
Pearl Jam sold many songs in the early 1990s.
John Krasinski played Jim Halpert on The Office.
A lifestyle characterized by abstinence from worldly pleasures is practiced by monks.
Youtube is ranked as one of the top three most popular sites in the world.